Links: .NET Desktop - framework\wpf (#109)
dotnet/docs-desktop: dotnet-desktop-guide/framework/wpf/advanced/walkthrough-hosting-a-windows-forms-composite-control-in-wpf.md

  
- Implementing the WPF host application.  
  

>  For a complete code listing of the tasks illustrated in this walkthrough, see [Hosting a Windows Forms Composite Control in WPF Sample](/samples/browse/).  

Reviewer: Fix sample
```suggestion
 For a complete code listing of the tasks illustrated in this walkthrough, see [Hosting a Windows Forms Composite Control in WPF Sample](https://github.com/microsoft/WPF-Samples/tree/master/Migration%20and%20Interoperability/HostingWfInWPF).  
```
